DM-2000: Skip nodes without defined namespace (#808)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/protocol-integration/opcua-bundle/authentication.md

The address space is automatically scanned when a connection between the gateway and the server is established. The duration of the scan depends on the size of the address space. The address space information is stored locally once it is scanned and then used by this applying process. If the address space information is not yet available, for example, the address space has not been scanned, another scan will be triggered without synchronizing data into {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. Performing another address space operation will update the address space information.

> In case a node is found with a non-existing name space entry the scan process skips this node and continues.

Author: fixed

> In the case a node is found with a non-existing name space entry the scan process skips this node and goes on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case a node is found with a non-existing name space entry the scan process skips this node and continues.
```

Author: done

> An error entry will be written to the log file to provide information for fixing it (more information available in debug level).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An error entry is written to the log file with information on how to fix the issue. Set the log level to DEBUG to add more information.
```
not sure if that is what the sentence was supposed to say.
